# EP EOD 6/06/2023

Created time: June 6, 2023 5:00 PM

Questions

- Can I request clearance from you to use subproject designations P-107-1 and P-107-2 for DJ and Brass Band respectively as I am tired of typing out the full subproject names lol. Going to use them in this report because that would be too much typing.
- What will the outputs be patched into on P-107-2? Is there an existing power source or do I need to pull a PDU or Conditioner?
- What’s the earliest we can install P-107-2 into the park, seeing that it is out of guest view? Can we store the mic inside P-107-2’s rack?

Pending Task Inputs

- Review BoM IO p-107-1

Done

- Head to ski
    - Erik has implemented the current contingencies well in a slow file he has built. Michael Marks copy pasted his work into the current show file. As a consequence, we can fix several related issues by implementing his . Only approval needed was for cue 40 from 612 and 620.
- Moved stuff from south stadium clean cables and wrap
- Read new bom and project description dj
- Read BoM SoW brass band
- Pull model number subwoofer from Lakehouse
- Pull headset pih Lakehouse
- [Lakehouse] Go to pih to troubleshoot
    - Hello Joe, I walked around the pool with both mic packs, and swapped #2 for a new pack from Lakehouse. With the antenna uncovered, I did not immediately detect any dropouts walking around the pool with both of the packs combined with the new microphones.
    - Any additional tests before go no go?
    - Go call was relayed to 680
- Review BoM IO Brass Band
- Review elevation p-107-1
- Review elevation p-107-2
- Add 4U drawer to BoM p-107-1
- Find the model number of the sub

Delegated

- Remove plates, move plates to box in back room
    - Delegated to Joshua
- Do confidence check new show file Ski
    - Delegated to Erik N.
- Red Tag bad radio
    - Handed off to James C

Todo List Priority

- Test speakeon cable pulled from south stadium before it vanishes into lakehouse
- Red tag microphone pack
- Submit safety share design
- [Lakehouse] Pull power conditioner for p-107-1
- Produce and print new iPad signout sheet
- Create automation to mark tasks as done when moving to the, "done" column in Trello
- Backup BWSS to personal cloud
- Tighten antenna LCS venue
- [Lakehouse] Build ulx with rack ears, transformer, p-107-2
- Self-review cable testing methodology
- [Lakehouse] Find appropriate rack for p-107-1, designate using tape as 612 Tech 1 Reserved
- Complete line drawings for p-107-1, submit for review

Todo Backlog

- Remove TX Combiner from lcs booth
- Calibrate faders LCS
- Calibrate faders 4D
- Calibrate faders BWSS
- Finish Ashton’s nameplate
- Find out what design Destiny wants for her name plate And create produce trello card