# EP EOD 7/01/2023

Created time: July 2, 2023 2:57 PM

Done

- Pulled fades from Laura for BWSS Fireworks
- Imported QLab show from laptop to booth
- Wrote up setup and strike instructions for grass line subwoofer, please see below.
- Setup basic crossover.
- Pushed correct headend configuration for BWSS Fireworks
- Labeled south stadium
- Scanned South Stadium and Market Circle
- Completed Full System Test

Setup and Strike Instructions for Grass Line Subwoofer Amplifier

Good day. Here are instructions for setting up and striking the grass line subwoofer amplifier.

Green Tagging Grass Line Subwoofer Amplifier

Go to North Stadium’s Stage Right, House Left door leading to underneath the stage. You should see a viking case (you can tell because it says Viking on it) with a QSC PLD 4.5 Subwoofer, with a XLR cable and power cable on top.

Please bring the case outside, and place it flat next to the concrete curb where the plants are. (See photograph.)

Please plug  in the power cable into the outlet on the stadium wall.
Then, please plug in and route the xlr cable from the right stadium xlr output to input 1 of the amplifier.

Subsequently, grab the subwoofer speakeon cable from inside this cable ramp, and run it to the subwoofer.

Insert the two connectors into the two rightmost outputs, AB and CD. They are labeled BRIDGE outputs.

Turn the subwoofer on. If there is BGM playing in the area, please check that the subwoofer activates.

Red Tag Grass Line Subwoofer Amplifier

Please disconnect all cables from the viking case, and then neatly store the cables with the case underneath the stadium on the stage right house left door side. Please tuck the subwoofer connectors inside the cable ramp, using common sense to avoid damage.